---
title: "Winter Road Trip 2016"
tags: ["textblog", "blog"]
img: "https://github.com/bobbylcraig/bobbylcraig.github.io/blob/10caf5019e8c0a70f58e23518d8cc9122a339a2a/blog/images/RoadTrip2016.jpg?raw=true"
ext-link:
---

<p>I'm not sure if I'm quite sure how to reflect on this year's trip yet...I haven't slept much and drove the last 5 hours last night which was draining. However, I'll attempt because it's still pretty fresh in my mind.</p>

<p>My friends (Tristan, Joseph, and Adam) and I left on Tuesday night to embark on a grandiose journey! We had decided we wanted to visit New Orleans, but we hadn't decided definitively all of the different cities we would stop in. Despite our indecision, we left in our minivan and headed for New Orleans. On the way, we decided we should first stop in <strong>Louisville, Kentucky</strong>. We arrived in Louisville at 3:00am, so we didn't get to see a ton of things (namely, people that were awake). We walked around and stopped at the Louisville Slugger Museum and factory downtown. We also checked out all of the beautiful decorations they had out and the amazing view of the Ohio River. However, because it was 3:00am we left without doing much. We DID pass the Churchill Downs, which I thought was pretty cool. Our next stop was <strong>Nashville, Tennessee</strong>. Nashville, in my opinion, was the biggest letdown of the entire trip. We parked on Vanderbilt's campus at ~6:00am, and we decided to grab some breakfast. It was pretty good (shoutout to the <a href="http://www.thepancakepantry.com">Pancake Pantry</a>). After breakfast, on minimal sleep, we headed into town&mdash;they were setting up for a New Year's Eve concert, so it was pretty busy at 8:00am (or whenever we arrived). We immediately started looking for little shops to stop in...but there were very few. Those that were there were closed for New Years or didn't open until later. So, we loitered a little and grabbed a little bit to eat. Ultimately, we got bored and went back to the car to sleep (yes, we all slept in the car the whole week). After our little nap, we made our way to <strong>New Orleans, Louisiana</strong>.</p>

<p>New Orleans was incredible. We were there for New Year's, so it was a little crazy, but I thought it was the best location of the trip. There was tons to do in New Orleans (and we aren't even 21). There were shops galore, plenty of people to talk to, and architecture in the French Quarter to admire. It was a lovely destination. Furthermore, all sorts of interesting things happened to us in New Orleans. A random <em>blazed</em> fellow told my friend that he looked like he had AIDS...that was interesting. We had a waiter who told us his name...probably 8 times in one sitting. My friend also probably had 10 New Year's kisses...but maybe that's just him. We counted down the New Year and made our way to <strong>Atlanta, Georgia</strong> the next day.</p>

<p>Atlanta was fun, but not nearly as much fun as New Orleans. We spent a day there but then decided we should head home. So, after 10 hours of driving, numerous bathroom/food stops, and plenty of replays of "Come on Eileen" and "500 Miles", I am home and drinking coffee. Great trip. Great memories. Awesome friends. Can't wait until next year!</p>
