---
title: "CodeMash 2016"
tags: ["textblog", "blog"]
img: "https://github.com/bobbylcraig/bobbylcraig.github.io/blob/10caf5019e8c0a70f58e23518d8cc9122a339a2a/blog/images/CodeMash2016.jpg?raw=true"
ext-link: "//codemash.org"
---

<p>I had <em>so</em> much fun this week. For the past few days I have been interning at CodeMash, a tech conference in Sandusky, Ohio. In my short 4 days, I learned a <strong>ton</strong> of new things, met some really great people, and had a metric shitton of fun. It was great. The first day I got there I had no idea what to expect. I came into a room full of people talking about web frameworks and unit testing...it was intimidating! But we quickly warmed up to each other and I made some great friends. The first session I had to proctor was exceptionally exciting. I walked in and introduced myself to the speaker. By some bizarre coincidence, THE SPEAKER WENT TO DENISON! Since I have maybe 15 people in my graduating class that are CS majors, this was highly unlikely. Turns out he works at Microsoft now and is doing really awesome things with big data.</p>

<p>Later, I found out there was even more coincidence. Two of the best people I met at the conference were both from the Newark, Ohio area (which is right beside Denison, if you're not familiar with Ohio geography). They let me in on a really great developer group they started in Newark, and I'm hoping to attend some of those meetups whenever I get a car!</p>

<p>In the end, I met a ton of companies that I'd love to work for some day. I was hoping to narrow down my interests when coming to CodeMash...but it had the opposite effect. There's so much interesting work out there that needs to be done and I'M SUPPOSED TO PICK ONE THING I WANT TO DO?!?! That's like picking a career field all over again... Either way, in the end I know I'll love doing whatever I end up doing. And I know I'll be surrounded by some pretty great people.
